Dialog String Count = 94 -- Last line: WatchOutThreat



When questions are asked, remove them from the list (?)

It is a fine day, isn't it?
I hope that you're family is well and healthy
Do you know of anyone involved with the insurgents
How are you?
You are under arrest, please follow me. (replaced detain button)
It is not safe here, leave the area (replaces go away button)
What do you know of NAME - (when told of suspicious people, they are added to a list (for limited time or death). Selecting this option brings up a sublist listing names of those stored suspicious people)
Do you know of anyone involved in suspicous activity in town




IMPORTANT

The design I've gone with is

Main list holding all initial questions
	When questions are selected from that list and asked, the question is sent to the questionHandler with
	the question as the operation, empty arguments. If the question contains additional topics of conversation,
	send those topics to the "enableSubResponses" operation which will then display those topics in list one.

	If a question has a "... forces" string in it, the second list will appear with all viable forces for 
	the question. Upon selecting a force, the "Ask Question" button will appear and the player can ask the
	question as normal. The question will be sent to the questionHandler as normal with the selected force
	as the arguments.

	When the question handler returns the main response, it will also return any additional responses.
	For flexibility and ease of expansion, any changes to the civilians personality or info will be made
	directly in the getResponses function.

	Civilians may choose to give false information on insurgent locations if hostile towards the player
	and a random chance including their bravery

	When a civilian gives the player information about a force, an installation, a hostile civilian. A hash
	will be added to the [SpyderAddons_civilianInteraction,"Topics"] hash with the question name and the
	position of where the information was learned. From this point on, every time the civilian interaction menu
	is opened, if the new opened location is within ~300m or so from the stored topic location, the topic question
	will be displayed, otherwise it is deleted.